Pip 976 circleci (#1)
ENCODE-DCC/autouri: README.md

## Authentication

- GCS: Use `gcloud` CLI.

>     - Using end-user credential: You will be asked to enter credential information of your Google account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Using end-user credentials: You will be asked to enter credentials of your Google account.
```

Reviewer: Grammar.

Author: Will fix it as suggested.

        ```
        $ gcloud init 
        ```

>     - Using service account credential: If you use a service account and a JSON key file associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Using service account credentials: If you use a service account and a JSON key file associated with it.
```

Author: Will fix it as suggested.

        ```
        $ gcloud auth activate-service-account --key-file=[YOUR_JSON_KEY.json]
        $ GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS="PATH/FOR/YOUR_JSON_KEY.json"
        ```
    Then set your default project.
    ```
    $ gcloud config set project [YOUR_GCP_PROJECT_ID]
    ```

> - S3: Use `aws` CLI. You will be asked to enter credential information of your AWS account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- S3: Use `aws` CLI. You will be asked to enter credentials of your AWS account.
```

Author: Will fix it as suggested.
